[DOCS-13986] Update Upgrade Worker guide for OP 2.15 (#36002)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/guide/upgrade_worker.md

Worker version 2.15.0 gives you access to the following:

#### New features

- New OCSF mappings have been added for the following log types:
    - AWS GuardDuty for all finding types (for example, EKS Audit, EC2, Lambda, IAM, DNS) in a single mapping named `AWS GuardDuty`.
    - Infoblox NIOS: DNS Activity, DHCP Activity, audit (Authentication and API Activity), and port and syslog Base Event (Infoblox DNS Query, Infoblox DHCP, Infoblox Audit Authentication, Infoblox Audit API, Infoblox Port).
    - Zscaler ZPA App Connector Status logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Authentication, class 3002) with `datetime` and `host` profiles.
    - Zscaler ZPA User Activity logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Network Activity, class 4001) with `datetime`, `host`, `network_proxy`, and `security_control` profiles.
    - AWS WAF Web ACL logs. Transforms WAF log events into OCSF HTTP Activity (class 4002) with `cloud` and `security_control` profiles.
    - Zscaler ZPA User Status logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Authentication, class 3002) with `datetime` and `host` profiles.
- The OpenTelemetry source now supports metrics pipelines.

> - The Elasticsearch destination is now availabe for metrics pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Elasticsearch destination is now available for metrics pipelines.
```

- The `parse_yaml` function is now available for the Custom Processor. This function parses YAML according to the [YAML 1.1 spec][41].

#### Enhancements

- The Amazon S3 source now accepts compressed data.
- The Elasticsearch destination has been updated with new options: `auto_routing`, `compression`, `id_key`, `pipeline`, `request_retry_partial`, `sync_fields`, and `tls`.
- Mapping array-of-object source fields into OCSF array-of-object destinations is now supported.
- The Datadog Metrics destination now defaults to the Datadog series v2 endpoint (`/api/v2/series`).

> - The Enrichment Table processor's GeoIP option now includes a network field containing the CIDR network associated with the lookup result. It's available for all database types (City, ISP/ASN, Connection-Type, Anonymous-IP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Enrichment Table processor's GeoIP option now includes a network field containing the CIDR network associated with the lookup result. The network field is available for all database types (City, ISP/ASN, Connection-Type, Anonymous-IP).
```

- The Custom Processor now has an `encode_csv` function that encodes an array of values into a CSV-formatted string. This is the inverse of the `parse_csv` function and supports an optional single-byte delimiter (defaults to `,`).
- Field names now support `.`, such as `foo."bar.baz"`.

#### Fixes

> - The accuracy of the buffer utilization metric tracking has been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the accuracy of the buffer utilization metric tracking.
```
I'm not sure of the intended meaning here, so feel free to disregard my suggestion. Claude pointed out that the original line is less specific than all of the other updates.

Author: Checking in on this one, but applying suggestion for now.

> - For the Custom Processor, incorrect parameter types for `floor`, `md5`, `parse_key_value`, `precision`, and `seahash` has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the Custom Processor, incorrect parameter types for `floor`, `md5`, `parse_key_value`, `precision`, and `seahash` have been fixed.
```

This guide goes over how to upgrade to a specific Worker version and the updates for that version.

## Worker version 2.15.0

To upgrade to Worker version 2.15.0:

- Docker: Run the `docker pull` command for the [2.15.0 image][40].
- Kubernetes: See the [Helm chart][2].
- APT: Run the command `apt-get install observability-pipelines-worker=2.15.0`.
- RPM: Run the command `sudo yum install observability-pipelines-worker-2.15.0`.

Worker version 2.15.0 gives you access to the following:

#### New features

- New OCSF mappings have been added for the following log types:

>     - AWS GuardDuty for all finding types (EKS Audit, EC2, Lambda, IAM, DNS, and so on) in a single mapping named `AWS GuardDuty`.

Reviewer 2: can we say (eg. EKS Audit, EC2, Lambda, IAM, DNS)
And lose the "and so on".

Author: Updated

    - Infoblox NIOS: DNS Activity, DHCP Activity, audit (Authentication and API Activity), and port and syslog Base Event (Infoblox DNS Query, Infoblox DHCP, Infoblox Audit Authentication, Infoblox Audit API, Infoblox Port).
    - Zscaler ZPA App Connector Status logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Authentication, class 3002) with `datetime` and `host` profiles.
    - Zscaler ZPA User Activity logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Network Activity, class 4001) with `datetime`, `host`, `network_proxy`, and `security_control` profiles.
    - AWS WAF Web ACL logs. Transforms WAF log events into OCSF HTTP Activity (class 4002) with `cloud` and `security_control` profiles.
    - Zscaler ZPA User Status logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Authentication, class 3002) with `datetime` and `host` profiles.
- The OpenTelemetry source now supports metrics pipelines.

> - The Enrichment Table file option now supports a unified `field` option that accepts an event field path. Plain text is supported for backwards compatibility.

Reviewer 2: I assume this is being removed. When we add it back want to get more descriptive. right now the explanation is not easy to understand. :(

Author: Removed.

    - Explicit event path examples:
        - Observability Pipelines simplified syntax: `field: {event: "message"}`
        - VRL syntax: `field: {vrl: ".message"}`
    - Plain string (for backwards compatibility):
        - Observability Pipelines simplified syntax: `field: "message"`
        - VRL syntax: `field: ".message"`

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we add something like:
- The Elasticsearch desination is now available for Metrics Pipelines as well

Author: added

#### Enhancements

- The Amazon S3 source now accepts compressed data.
- The Elasticsearch destination has been updated with new options: `auto_routing`, `compression`, `id_key`, `pipeline`, `request_retry_partial`, `sync_fields`, and `tls`.
- Mapping array-of-object source fields into OCSF array-of-object destinations is now supported.
- The Datadog Metrics destination now defaults to the Datadog series v2 endpoint (`/api/v2/series`).
- The Enrichment Table processor's GeoIP option now includes a network field containing the CIDR network associated with the lookup result. It's available for all database types (City, ISP/ASN, Connection-Type, Anonymous-IP).
- The Custom Processor now has an `encode_csv` function that encodes an array of values into a CSV-formatted string. This is the inverse of the `parse_csv` function and supports an optional single-byte delimiter (defaults to `,`).

#### Fixes

> - Field names now support `.`, such as `foo."bar.baz"`.

Reviewer 2: is this an enhancement?

Author: Moved.

- The accuracy of the buffer utilization metric tracking has been updated.

> - The `parse_yaml` function is now available for the Custom Processor. This function parses YAML according to the [YAML 1.1 spec][41].

Reviewer 2: is this a new feature?

Author: Moved.

Worker version 2.15.0 gives you access to the following:

#### New features

- New OCSF mappings have been added for the following log types:
    - AWS GuardDuty for all finding types (EKS Audit, EC2, Lambda, IAM, DNS, and so on) in a single mapping named `AWS GuardDuty`.
    - Infoblox NIOS: DNS Activity, DHCP Activity, audit (Authentication and API Activity), and port and syslog Base Event (Infoblox DNS Query, Infoblox DHCP, Infoblox Audit Authentication, Infoblox Audit API, Infoblox Port).
    - Zscaler ZPA App Connector Status logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Authentication, class 3002) with `datetime` and `host` profiles.
    - Zscaler ZPA User Activity logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Network Activity, class 4001) with `datetime`, `host`, `network_proxy`, and `security_control` profiles.
    - AWS WAF Web ACL logs. Transforms WAF log events into OCSF HTTP Activity (class 4002) with `cloud` and `security_control` profiles.
    - Zscaler ZPA User Status logs to OCSF schema version 1.3.0 (Authentication, class 3002) with `datetime` and `host` profiles.
- The OpenTelemetry source now supports metrics pipelines.

> - The Enrichment Table file option now supports a unified `field` option that accepts an event field path or a metadata secret as the lookup key source. Plain text is supported for backwards compatibility.

Author: ```suggestion
- The Enrichment Table file option now supports a unified `field` option that accepts an event field path. Plain text is supported for backwards compatibility.
```

    - Explicit event path examples:
        - Observability Pipelines simplified syntax: `field: {event: "message"}`
        - VRL syntax: `field: {vrl: ".message"}`

>     - Metadata secret reference example: `field: {secret: "splunk_hec_token"}`

Author: ```suggestion
```
